Document mimirtool backfill command. (#2481)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/tools/mimirtool.md

The only parameter of the script is a file containing the flags, with each flag on its own line.

### Backfill

Backfill command uploads Prometheus TSDB blocks into Grafana Mimir, by using block upload API exposed by compactor component.

If the command is interrupted it can be started again. Mimirtool will detect which blocks are already uploaded, and will only upload unfinished or new blocks.

> If block upload is not enabled for the user, `mimirtool backfill` will fail.

Reviewer: I would rephrase it, saying as first thing that block upload is disabled by default. Then how to enable it (link to config doc page), and finally what happens if you try to use it with `mimirtool` but it's disabled (even if I guess at that point it will be obvious).

Author: Thanks, done.

The only parameter of the script is a file containing the flags, with each flag on its own line.

### Backfill

> Backfill command uploads Prometheus TSDB blocks into Grafana Mimir, by using block upload API exposed by compactor component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `backfill` command uploads Prometheus TSDB blocks into Grafana Mimir, by using the block-upload API that is exposed by the compactor component.
```
There are several function words missing from this sentence that I filled in. Please vet for technical accuracy.

> If the command is interrupted it can be started again. Mimirtool will detect which blocks are already uploaded, and will only upload unfinished or new blocks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the command is interrupted, you can restart it. Mimirtool detects which blocks are already uploaded, and will only upload unfinished or new blocks.
```

> Block upload feature is disabled by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The block-upload feature is disabled by default.
```

> To enable block upload feature for user or entire system, refer to [Configure TSDB block upload]({{< relref "../configure/configure-tsdb-block-upload.md" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the block-upload feature for a user or an entire system, refer to [Configure TSDB block upload]({{< relref "../configure/configure-tsdb-block-upload.md" >}}).
```

If block upload is not enabled for the user, `mimirtool backfill` will fail.

##### Example

```bash
mimirtool backfill --address=http://mimir-compactor/ --id=anonymous /var/prometheus/{01G803NFXZ0MVKN71GT91HMV3Z,01G8BQ8PRR4TAP7EXZVBNTRBZ4,01G8CB7GTTC5ZXY23WTXHSYQXQ}
```

> Running the command results in the following output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The results of the `backfill` command are as follows:
```

INFO[0000] uploading block file                     block=01G8BQ8PRR4TAP7EXZVBNTRBZ4 file=index path=/var/prometheus/01G8BQ8PRR4TAP7EXZVBNTRBZ4 size=259867
INFO[0000] uploading block file                     block=01G8BQ8PRR4TAP7EXZVBNTRBZ4 file=chunks/000001 path=/var/prometheus/01G8BQ8PRR4TAP7EXZVBNTRBZ4 size=5024391
INFO[0000] block uploaded successfully              block=01G8BQ8PRR4TAP7EXZVBNTRBZ4 path=/var/prometheus/01G8BQ8PRR4TAP7EXZVBNTRBZ4
INFO[0000] making request to start block upload     block=01G8CB7GTTC5ZXY23WTXHSYQXQ file=meta.json path=/var/prometheus/01G8CB7GTTC5ZXY23WTXHSYQXQ
INFO[0000] uploading block file                     block=01G8CB7GTTC5ZXY23WTXHSYQXQ file=index path=/var/prometheus/01G8CB7GTTC5ZXY23WTXHSYQXQ size=151181
INFO[0000] uploading block file                     block=01G8CB7GTTC5ZXY23WTXHSYQXQ file=chunks/000001 path=/var/prometheus/01G8CB7GTTC5ZXY23WTXHSYQXQ size=1986792
INFO[0000] block uploaded successfully              block=01G8CB7GTTC5ZXY23WTXHSYQXQ path=/var/prometheus/01G8CB7GTTC5ZXY23WTXHSYQXQ
INFO[0001] finished uploading blocks                already_exists=1 failed=0 succeeded=2
```

## License

> Licensed AGPLv3, see [LICENSE](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/blob/main/LICENSE).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This software is licensed as AGPLv3. For more information, see [LICENSE](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/blob/main/LICENSE).
```
@brendamuir, do we have boilerplate text for license references?
